It's good enough for you.
How can you do that?
It's okay to be petty theft in your daily life
But this ring is my engagement ring to Discreet
I don't know why the ring is in my bag.
But I really didn't take it.
I think Butler Zhang knows better than me
You said I stole the ring
I also said you were stealing and framing me
Throw out the ring
You even dared to take the knife off me
You're right.
warmth
You said that Butler Zhang will leave first.
There is still surveillance at home
Yo, since there is surveillance
Who wants to know who stole the diamond ring?
You can tell at a glance
Everyone
They are all elderly people who have been doing things at home for many years
Now.
Now that the item has been found
warmth
Forget it today
Destined next time
Since it's your family business
It's not convenient for us here either.
As for eating
Talk about it later